youth homelessness is an invisible issue, but it doesn't have to be
a ref's favorite team? i love 'em all
why run a writers' conference?
to the ladies who 'didn't need' the women's march
senators rip obama's 'flexible' interpretation of international drug controls
tlc's my husband's not gay: damaging for mormons, especially gay mormon youth
lyft and uber pull out of austin, but deceptive pricing is here to stay
trump administration seems to be winging it on food stamp replacement boxes
george w. bush throws shade at donald trump
ailey dancers and the kids with disabilities: "if a finger can move, they're a part of it"
why we're lucky if we get to be old
businesses training to be alzheimer's friendly
anthony kennedy's citizens united disclosure salve 'not working'
hillary clinton and donald trump did not shake hands before their second debate
james corden making major changes to show after london attacks
rattlesnakes have been observed
david axelrod suggests hillary clinton will be seen as less complex alternative to obama
number one way to not forget your child in the car? be more present
domestic terrorists organizing online are 'real threat,' doj warns
you're 10 days away from more happiness
trump confidant floats crazy rbg-for-merrick-garland scotus swap
kate mara: it's 'quite an honor' to play a female superhero
kobe bryant feuds with michael b. jordan in spot-on apple tv ad
abdul malik abdul kareem guilty of conspiring to support isis in texas attack
conceiving our chosen family
jailed for being too poor
new year, new semester: college prep for juniors
rise of the rest day 3: will "the rise" include everyone?
turn your scraps of summer fruit into the most gorgeous ice cubes
sanders hits bill clinton on welfare reform, trade
isis laid booby-traps all over mosul to kill, injure returning civilians
netanyahu: playing us for fools
the nfl should provide an exemption for medical marijuana
thousands protest in moscow against housing plan
i'm a straight business owner in mississippi and i'm horrified by my state's new anti-lgbtq law
twitter users roast fbi over its ms paint-style holiday tweet
microsoft wants to let you know when the feds are snooping in your email
barack obama records robocall for doug jones in alabama senate race
massive document leak reveals offshore wealth of putin and his allies
obama calls baton rouge police shooting 'the work of cowards who speak for no one'
united airlines skips senate deadline to explain passenger-dragging incident
death toll from powerful mexico earthquake rises to 91
8 diy holiday gifts your friends will actually want
these incredible 3d models of star wars land are our only hope
i used an app to buy only ethical food. it was really hard.
texas lt. gov. not worried about bathroom bill costing the state money
hillary clinton reveals what's more important than her campaign
el salvador is on track to become world homicide leader
japan's economy emerges from recession, growth weaker than forecast
if we treated other public health issues the way the pro-gun crowd treats shootings
